Hi everyone this morning I did
of purchases I was born from ipersoap e
I took products from the brand
cosmetic garden then they are all eco
certified icea wines are products
quite cheap
now I'll show you everything I have
taken there were so many
I don't know if it's a new line but I already have
heard in some videos from
some girls of this brand
It seems to me that I have seen these products
in some videos of angelica and some
another guy right now I can not remember
by whom, however, then the first
product that I took is a shower bath
gel this and emollient with
almonds and oats with functional ingredients
bio of Italian origin all have gods
beautiful ingredients but see so
in short, just almond oil
in other words, active good guys
ingredients this is 200 ml as
you see it is still closed and I have it
paid then 2 euro 91 another
product is this eye face cleanser
without soap with tropea grapefruit
green anise and hamamelis this instead from
150 ml and therefore the price too
face and eye cleanser and therefore 4
euro 86 then I also took a detergent
soothing underwear with piedmont marble
tener de camomilla a physiological ph
always with bio functional principles of
Italian origin this is the detergent
intimate i give it because i'm all
closed all sealed to find out
I wanted to show the packaging that between
the other I do not even know how
know
here it is this is the packaging of
intimate wash
this is 200 ml
the price of this intimate cleanser is
3 euros 51 then I took two shampoos
therefore one is protective hair
dried up or brittle joint of seeds of
linen and the other for frequent washing
normal or fat hair
also this is linseed oil ee
oats these are 250 ml are beautiful
flow coli as well as the packaging is a lot
cute last two products are one
nourishing hand cream with mar da miss with
the phone goes from piedmont burro di
shea vitamin c
if like here I had to answer married
therefore, regio a little while ago
products
a silicone year at the end among other things
it says here we are opposed to the
animal testing
therefore it is a very very important thing
then this 75 ml hand cream
this is the cream and also this one closed
sealed contains this formula is
composed of 98 percent of subjects
raw materials of natural derivation
in short, they seem to give him other products
the last one produced instead a make-up remover
protective eyes and lips
practically a biphasic makeup remover
comic waving it here it is with pink
canina dell'abruzzo green reeds e
hamamelis are not turned can not be seen
nothing more
however this is the product this is
from 125 mm
this lasted six months while everyone
the other products have a duration
12 months the price of this
eye and lip remover is 4 euros 84
and maybe I didn't tell you the hand cream
however I leave all the prices below
mail info box should cost cream
bad 3 euros and 90 and the aces produced are
finished then there was another kind of
bathroom shower like this though I don't
I still remember there is another bathroom
shower and then what was also milk
cleanser and tonic and then it seems to me
enough however the prices are enough
good
Now maybe I'll try first
shampoo because I need it indeed I was
went right to the top to buy
in shampoos and then I'll let you know how
I found myself with all the products and
let me know if you have tried one of
these products of this brand
cosmetic garden
if you want we can join you by video